boy that huge sure is spooky but it's
about terrine what should I do
there's something in their tails it's
okay sonot you're just having a bad
dream
we heard yelling boys is everything okay
it happened again the nightmare that's
every night for the last week it doesn't
make sense
was it the same one you always have
little buddy with the cave in the storm
uh-huh and don't forget the creepy
glowing eyes maybe I think doctor quick
visit tomorrow wouldn't be such a bad
idea
oh man no needles right you boys try to
get some rest
mission accepted dad now if you have
that nightmare again just remember I've
got your back bud
it's the same every time the cave the
storm the eyes they seem so familiar
like I've seen them before
what does it mean huh Sonic Sonic
tails tails where Dee juice - wait a
minute
Mike you're an engine it's the tornado
and there's tails inside the cockpit wow
that's cool I can keep up no prob
I don't believe it
hey tails wait up sonic what are you
doing here you think I'd let my best bud
take off to the middle of nowhere all on
his lonesome this is it Sonic they came
for my team I don't know I found it I'm
scared don't worry I'm with you all the
way wherever all the way goes it's all
good Sonic I see him tails he's me
not quite though the resemblance is
delightfully impeccable is it not
MANET mogul correct what's your plan
fatso last time we saw you you were
trapped inside the floating islands
Master Emerald life is transitory in
turnover he'd lose to say I was
liberated my mental will coupled with
the energy of multiple power rings I
would have quickly dissipated into the
immaturity so it was when my nemesis
star the echidna transported your young
Ally away on a mission of dire
consequence I was able to intercept and
create a sentient duplicate to serve as
a simulate the real tails the so-called
chosen one has been my captive for
months his disappearance undetected
supplying him with a steady dose of
energy has not only helped to maintain
his ultimate form but also enabled my
return to prominence this is a new low
even for you mogul and always with the
big words what are you trying to get
into college or something insolent
wretch that does it you're going down
region if man is doing
not really me
but my memories my feelings they they
seem so real oh he's disappearing you
may have won this time Hedgehog but
there are the powers whose energy I
could steal whatever dude I Stella see
yeah we did it
tails hey what's the matter I'm just a
phony no wait you're my best bud I'll
never forget you sonic tails huh Sonic
what happened tails Sonic where am I
you're right here bud you're right here